{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 \

\fs28 Computational Creativity, Assignment 4: Reframing Existing Data
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 Often we are forced to create the data for our creative systems ourselves. Other times we can find it on the web or in existing repositories and databases. And sometimes we find something \'93like\'94 what we need, but not exactly what we need. In such cases, we must reframe or repackage the data in a form that works for us.\
\
This assignment concerns one such reframing effort. I have uploaded a large data file of \'93dream symbols\'94 and their interpretations that I harvested/crawled from an online dream dictionary. I would like to use this data to build a simple Tarot application using Tracery and CBDQ. When a user contacts/mentions our bot, it draws a Tarot card at random and tells us what it means. It does not use the word \'93dream\'94 and it always expresses itself in the general terms of a fortune teller using Tarot cards.\
\
You can assume that every dream symbol corresponds to a different Tarot card, so the pack is very large indeed.\
\
Your task is to write a computer program to turn the data file into a Tracery grammar to achieve the above. You can write the CBDQ response grammar by hand. Do not worry if your code is inelegant, you will not be judged on the quality of your code, just the quality of your grammar and its output.\
\
If you have a better framing than Tarot cards, then give it a go and justify your choice in your submission. Whatever you do, your bot should not be a dream bot or talk explicitly about dreams.\
\
Good luck!\
\
Tony }